oh this is your boy more coil this video
I'm gonna show you how to make your ipod
4g ipod 5 iPod 32 every ipad 1 2 3 up at
mini iphone 4 or 5 4 s doesn't matter
this works as long as it's what jail
broken jaw broke at all righty first
thing you want to do when open cydia i
know i'm not in see them in settings
threes i mention it is gonna show you
what to download blah blah blah see what
you don't see in 100 this shake clucker
once again makes your ipod faster by
money she cute latin boy make sure ipod
fashion but every time you change the
speed you gotta have a required respring
yeah then there's 1 2 3 4 5 6 & a 9
unfortunate the 19 speed settings you
can choose from continued space-age you
choose the speed setting but first so
once you download that Posse once again
is called fake up you don't need no
source just get it fake clock up and in
once you get that you're gonna want to
slide across here if you have better be
setting slide cross that you're going to
press every spring and ipod touch
whatever you got should be running a lot
smoother and you know how you make your
ipod touch 4 5 42 for iphone 3 4 4 s up
a lot faster and that's basically it put
some i'm out y'all if y'all 10 i have a
twitter follow me on twitter at dope
peddler that kind of hard to do notes
follow me on twitter at dope peddler
every that is dope whatever that is
peddler where that is one thank you so
follow me mother
no yeah this image of ice ice after
prison um